README.md, before:

# Contrôle qualité (Quality Control)

This project aims to group each and every required tool for ensuring
Ruby on Rails development quality.

It currently includes the following ruby tools:
- [bundler-audit](https://github.com/rubysec/bundler-audit)
- [brakeman](https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman)
- [rubocop](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop)
- [slim-lint](https://github.com/sds/slim-lint)

As well as CSS/JS node tools:
- [eslint](https://eslint.org)
- [prettier](https://prettier.io)
- [standard](https://standardjs.com/)
- [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)

## Usage

### Console

Grab latest image

```sh
docker pull ghcr.io/kmmndr/controle-qualite:latest
```

Then run the following command in your project directory

```sh
docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/srv/app:ro ghcr.io/kmmndr/controle-qualite:latest controle-qualite.mk check-ruby
```

Or simply create a `controle-qualite` shell script

```sh
#!/bin/sh

docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/srv/app:ro ghcr.io/kmmndr/controle-qualite:latest controle-qualite.mk $@
```

### Gitlab CI

Adding `controle-qualite` to gitlab-ci.yml is staitforward:

```yaml
.controle_qualite: &controle_qualite
  image: registry/controle-qualite:latest
  stage: pre-test

pre-test:check-tools:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk self-check
  allow_failure: true

pre-test:lint:rubocop:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk rubocop

pre-test:audit:bundle-audit:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk bundle-audit
  allow_failure: true

pre-test:audit:brakeman:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk brakeman
  allow_failure: true
```

## License

This tool is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add contributing section to Readme

README.md, after:

# Contrôle qualité (Quality Control)

This project aims to group each and every required tool for ensuring
Ruby on Rails development quality.

It currently includes the following ruby tools:
- [bundler-audit](https://github.com/rubysec/bundler-audit)
- [brakeman](https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman)
- [rubocop](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop)
- [slim-lint](https://github.com/sds/slim-lint)

As well as CSS/JS node tools:
- [eslint](https://eslint.org)
- [prettier](https://prettier.io)
- [standard](https://standardjs.com/)
- [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)

## Usage

### Console

Grab latest image

```sh
docker pull ghcr.io/kmmndr/controle-qualite:latest
```

Then run the following command in your project directory

```sh
docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/srv/app:ro ghcr.io/kmmndr/controle-qualite:latest controle-qualite.mk check-ruby
```

Or simply create a `controle-qualite` shell script

```sh
#!/bin/sh

docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/srv/app:ro ghcr.io/kmmndr/controle-qualite:latest controle-qualite.mk $@
```

### Gitlab CI

Adding `controle-qualite` to gitlab-ci.yml is staitforward:

```yaml
.controle_qualite: &controle_qualite
  image: registry/controle-qualite:latest
  stage: pre-test

pre-test:check-tools:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk self-check
  allow_failure: true

pre-test:lint:rubocop:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk rubocop

pre-test:audit:bundle-audit:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk bundle-audit
  allow_failure: true

pre-test:audit:brakeman:
  <<: *controle_qualite
  script:
    - controle-qualite.mk brakeman
  allow_failure: true
```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/kmmndr/controle-qualite.

## License

This tool is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](LICENSE).
